ID				:
Name			: Player Logs in to DragonChess
Description		: Player logs in to the DragonChess application.
Primary Actor(s): Player 1 or Player 2
Precondition	: None
Trigger			: Player starts the DragonChess application.
Basic Flow		: 1. A "Conect to DragonChess" dialog box appears.
				  2. The Player enters his/her name.
				  3. The Player enters the server or client computer hostname.
				  4. The Player enters the port number the DragonChess application
				     is listening on.
				  5. The player selects to either "Host a match" or "Join a match."
				  	5a. The player selects to "Host a match."
				  		5a.1. The player is assigned the white game pieces.
				  		5a.2. The hostname field is disabled and defaulted to
				  		     "localhost."
				  		5a.3. "Time Per Player (# of minutes)" is enabled.
				  			5a.3.1. The player enters the number of minutes a
				  			        player will have to complite all the moves.
				    5b. The player selectes to "Join a match."
				    	5b.1. The player is assigned the black game pieces.
				    	5b.2. The hostname field is enabled.
				    		5b.2.1. The player enters the socket server's hostname.
				    	5b.3. The "Time Per Player (# of minutes)" is disabled.

ID				:
Name			: Propose a Draw
Description		: A Player proposes that the current chess match ends in a draw.
Primary Actor(s): Player 1 and Player 2
Precondition	: It is the player's turn to move.
Trigger			: Player 1 selects the "Offer a Draw" menu option, or clicks on
                  the "Offer a Draw" button.
Basic Flow		: Player 1's "move" timer is suspended.
				  2. A dialog box pops up asking for the opposing player's
                     (Player 2) confirmation.
                  3. Player 2 accepts or declines the offer.
                  	3a. Player 2 accepts the offer to end the current chess match
                  	    in a draw.
                  		3a.1. Player 1 is notified of Player 2's acceptance.
                  		3a.2.EXIT. The chess match ends in a draw.
                  	3b. Player 2 declines the offer to end the current chess match
                  	    in a draw.
                  		3b.1. Player 1 if notified of Player 2's declination.
                  		3b.2. Player 1's "move" timer resumes.

ID				:
Name			: Player Resigns
Description		: Player ends the current chess match by resigning.
Primary Actor(s): Player 1 and Player 2
Precondition	: It is the player's turn to move.
Trigger			: Player 1 selects the "Resign" menu option, or clicks on the
                  "Resign" button.
Basic Flow		: 1. Player 2 is notified of Player 1's resignation.
				  2. Player 2 acknowledges Player 1's resignation.
				  3. Player 2 is declaired the winner.

ID              : 
Name            : User makes a move
Description     : User moves a piece of his or her color according to the
                  rules of chess. 
Primary Actor(s): Player 1 or Player 2 but not both at the same time
Precondition    : It is that player's turn
Trigger         : Other player just moved, or the game just started.
Basic Flow      : 1. Player selects a piece of his or her color
                  2. Player selects a valid destination location for that piece 
                     to move. Valid is determined by the rules of chess.
                  3. If, according to the rules, a piece is captured in the
                     process, it is removed from the game board and tallied.
Alternative Flow: A move can be illegal for a number of reasons:
                  1. Player attempts to move the wrong color piece on his or
                     her turn.
                  2. Player attempts to move a piece to a location that is not
                     in line with the way that piece is allowed to move.
                  3. Player attempts to move a piece that results in that
                     player being put in check.
                  In all of these cases, no change is made to the game state,
                  and the player is notified that their move is illegal and
                  why.

ID              : 
Name            : User makes a special move 
Description     : User castles or promotes a pawn
                 
Primary Actor(s): Player 1 or Player 2 but not both at the same time
Precondition    : It is that player's turn
Trigger         : The player just moved causing a special case move to occur.
Basic Flow      : 1. Player moves his or her king two spaces legally,
                     castling, or user moves a pawn to the last rank,
                     promoting his or her pawn.
                  2. Any other appropriate pieces are moved/changed. In the
                     case of castling, the rook moves to the correct location 
                     for the castling to complete. In the case of pawn
                     promotion, the user selects a piece to replace the pawn 
                     with.

ID              :
Name            : User puts other player in check, checkmate, or stalemate
Description     : Following a player's move, the other player is in a
                  condition of check, checkmate, or stalemate.
Primary Actor(s): Player 1 or Player 2 but not both at the same time
Precondition    : It is that player's turn
Trigger         : The player just moved.
Basic Flow      : 1. Player moves
                  2. Other player is in check, checkmate or stalemate.
                  3. Other player is notified of the new condition. In the
                     case of checkmate or stalemate, the game ends with the 
                     appropriate winner. (Checkmate is win for player,
                     stalemate is draw)
